Scalable entities (#3986)
MCreator/MCreator: plugins/mcreator-localization/help/default/entity/visual_scale.md

> This feature allows you to control the size of the entity in-game.

Reviewer: I'd say **visible size** and omit _in-game_ as it may mean BB scale too (in the other tip the opposite is implicitly prooved).

> To scale it's hitbox, use Bounding Box Scale.

Reviewer 2: ```
Cette fonctionnalité vous permet de contrôler la taille visuelle de l'entité.

Pour redimensionner la boite de collision, utilisez Taille de la boite de collision.
```

> This feature allows you to control the size of the entity in-game.
> 
> To scale entities hitbox, use the Bounding box scale parameter.

Reviewer: Этот параметр задаёт видимый масштаб сущности.

Не влияет на физический масштаб данной сущности.
```suggestion
This feature allows you to control the size of the entity in-game.

To scale entity's collision box, use the "Bounding box scale" parameter.
```
